feat(Copilot): Add GitHub Copilot Agents, Instructions, and Skills. (#967)
microsoft/terraform-provider-fabric: .github/agents/issue-creator.agent.md

---

## Input

Accept a plain-language description of a needed Fabric resource. Examples:

- "I need a Fabric Eventhouse resource"
- "Add Lakehouse properties support"
- "We need Terraform support for SQL Database"
- "Create a resource for the new Digital Twin Builder"
- "Add connection timeout attribute to fabric_connection"

---

## Workflow

### Step 1 — Parse the Request

From the user's description, determine:

| Detail              | How to Extract                                                                           |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Item name**       | The Fabric item or resource type mentioned (e.g. "Eventhouse", "Connection", "Shortcut") |
| **Snake-case name** | Convert to Terraform naming: `eventhouse`, `connection`, `sql_database`                  |
| **Package name**    | Lowercased, no spaces or underscores: `eventhouse`, `connection`, `sqldatabase`          |
| **Intent**          | New resource, new data source, or enhancement to existing                                |

### Step 2 — Validate SDK Support

> Use **#skill:sdk-contract-navigator** to check if the Go SDK (`github.com/microsoft/fabric-sdk-go`) supports this resource. The skill will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use **#skill:sdk-contract-navigator** to check if the Go SDK (`github.com/microsoft/fabric-sdk-go`) supports this feature.
```

1. Read `go.mod` to get the current SDK version
2. Browse the SDK repo via the GitHub MCP server
3. Determine whether this is a **Fabric Item** (Category A — dedicated SDK package under `fabric/<package>/`) or a **Non-Item Resource** (Category B — uses `fabcore.*Client` from `fabric/core/`)
4. Identify the client factory, CRUD methods, DTOs, and constants

> 5. For Fabric Items: determine the archetype from SDK capabilities

Reviewer: I dont think you need to reiterate how exactly the skill will check if the feature is supported in the SDK.

`Use **#skill:sdk-contract-navigator** to check if the Go SDK (`github.com/microsoft/fabric-sdk-go`) supports this feature` should be enough.

Author: updated

| **properties**                   | Has `Properties` struct only                      | `internal/services/environment/`                                                                 |
| **definition-properties**        | Has definition + properties                       | `internal/services/sparkjobdefinition/`                                                          |
| **config-properties**            | Has `CreationPayload` + properties, no definition | `internal/services/warehouse/`, `internal/services/warehousesnapshot/`                           |
| **config-definition-properties** | Has `CreationPayload` + definition + properties   | `internal/services/lakehouse/`, `internal/services/eventhouse/`                                  |

#### Non-Item Resources (Category B)

These use bespoke CRUD implementations with `fabcore.*Client`. They do NOT have archetypes and do NOT use `itemgen`. Classify into an **implementation pattern (A–H)** using the pattern classification table and decision tree defined in **#skill:issue-composer** § "Resource Category Identification".

> Pass the classified pattern letter to the issue-composer skill so it is included in the issue's "Details / References" section. The Non-Item Implementor agent uses this pattern to immediately route to the correct canonical reference.

Reviewer: why is this needed?

Author: 1. I think that non item classification is a useful tool.
2. If you mean specifically why have them here, the answer is similar to the above, it can be done via a dedicated subagent, kept it here for convenience.
